So instead of having to fund misfunction ourselves now we can just use something called object sign.
Now originally in iOS 6 there was also something called object mixin but it was omitted from iOS 6 because
there was concern about you know using it with the word super.
And we're going to get into that later but for now just know that we can use object got a sign.
And the reason it's named this instead of mixin is because it honestly more accurately reflects the
actual operation that's taking place.
You're just copying numerable properties and methods and you can actually give your receiver these accessor
properties that might be on the supplier.
So it actually more accurately reflects what's going on which is just your assigning values to your
properties and methods.
That's it.
So with that being said what we can do is instead of using this mixin method What does commented out
and we'll switch this out with object.
If I can type Object assign and you could see it has the exact same result.
And just to illustrate that it really does do the same thing.
What I'll do is I'll show you how it works so you can see it takes first a receiver and then it can
take any number of suppliers so you could have one supplier to supplier 25 suppliers.
Really doesn't matter.
And the properties and methods will be assigned in the order in which you pass in your suppliers to
the argument list.
So for example let's make a cost and we'll call it receiver and it's just going to be an empty object.
That's all it's going to be business as usual.
And then after that we'll make some changes to those currently existing object by I do object sign pass
in our receiver.
And then after that we'll just pass in some objects.
In this case we'll do for example wheels which will be four and then tires which will be big.
Then after that we'll supply another object.
Matter of fact I'm going to put this on another line like so bring it down.
There we go.
Now the next one will be let's say make which will be Ford and then model which will be Raptr.
Cool name Raptr.
There we go.
Semi colon as always then if I cancel all log the receiver you'll see that the properties are actually
in the order in which I specified them so its wheels tires and then make and model and of course we
can only have one receiver right here.
So its not a huge addition to the language but it definitely does kind of formalize and make more of
a universal standard for a very common operation.